You beautiful bastards
Hope you having a fantastic Tuesday welcome back to the Philip Defranco show and let's just jump into it the first thing
I want to talk about today one of the most requested stories of the day today is an update on the
Craziness out of Vidcon yesterday
Specifically we're talking about creator and panelist Anita Sarkeesian being on a panel calling someone in the crowd
Who's made videos about her in the past?
a garbage human and a shithead
They wrote look we don't want our panelists who insults our audience members even when we completely understand that the comment exists and a much
broader and pretty messed up context is seemingly in reference to
Sargon's past with Anita it continued even when people have said hateful things that everyone in our office
Disagrees with we have a policy and it exists not just to protect people at the show
But to protect our ability to have these conversations our founder
Hank Green talked with our panelists and said two things he told her that her comment had violated our policy
but that he understood there was a broader contact which should be clear we were blissfully ignorant of until this weekend - he
Apologized to her for not having been more aware of and active and understanding the situation before the event which resulted in her being subjected
To a hostile environment that she had not signed up for and on that note of the hostile environment
They wrote this year we had a contingent of attendees some who paid some who snuck in with fake passes
We've been either perpetrators of this harassment or had for years watched of the outrage they cultivated resulted in followers daxing harassing
Intimidating and even threatening the lives of the creators on these panels it is difficult to imagine that this group of people who are aware?
That their channels been base camps for years of harassment of some of our panelists did not realize that they're arriving early to fill up
The three front rows of a panel was going to be intimidated in any case
It looks like intentional intimidation to most people in attendance and the panelists were
Understandably on Edge throughout the discussion so from this response what what is the net result despite violating Vidcon policy it doesn't look like anita
Was kicked out and while it does seem like Vidcon
Sympathizes with her it also doesn't at least at least in this article never overtly say they're going to bar the people that have been
Trolling their word also
There's this weird line that he includes in here that I need to touch down rights
But one specific note if people attend Vidcon to collect footage to later use and videos that criticize not just ideas the focus the outrage
Of their followers on individuals it will not be welcome back, but that kind of doesn't make sense. Yes
They were filming this panel where people were openly discussing ideas
You're essentially criticizing someone for filming someone as you even said breaking Vidcon policy
It's a showcasing of actions of an individual it seems a bit ridiculous to me if I go to a markiplier panel
And I want to film him because I want to I want to expose what I think are flaws in his open
Argument, and at he at one point says Philip Defranco's a little bitch, baby. That is my filming they can either bad guy
Here's what I'll say. I'm a fan of Vidcon
I'm a fan of john and hank who of course started personally believe this movie's weak
And I don't agree with it of course
I don't run the gun you say someone and need a violated Vidcon policy
But you also kind of understand where it came from also adding that one of the founders
Apologized to her she would then go on to be on another panel where the reports came out later
and then he even made a video on it a
YouTuber by the name of Boogie that he was scared of offending her the entire panel and then after the panel she yelled at him
And luckily they were able to talk about but still that is that is an aggressive person
Not saying sargon or anyone else out there that they're the good guys
I openly said to him that I don't agree with a lot of what he and a lot of the people that he talks to
Believe in but I've also engaged in conversation it does raise the question I understand
We don't live in a world where it's just it's black and white right there there are areas of grey
What is the point of having a policy in place?
when people
Break that policy and the net result is you apologize to them but from that. I want to share some stuff
I love today and today in awesome brought to you by CGC geek of course fantastic
Take it after takes the confusion out of buying tickets. They put all the tickets in one place
I give it a 0 to 100 score to let you know how good of a deal
You're getting I have the app on my phone
And it is by far the easiest way to buy tickets for a baseball game
Concert other things human people do and if you're intrigued those beautiful bastards over at C
Geeks set up coupon code fill for $20 off your first
Ticket purchase link to download the app is in the description the first bit of awesome
Is that Nintendo America has now officially announced the snes?
Classic edition, it's $79.99. It will have 21 games and it's coming out september 29 also unlike the nes classic edition
They include two controllers not just one games included earthbound Super Mario world the legend of Zelda Link to the past
Donkey Kong country a ton of other games and the one that stands out to me the most is the never before
Officially released star fox 2 and I will say I'm kind of pumped about this as my kid gets older
I wanted to be able to play through the classic the only thing I feel like I'm going to hate about this is that the
Controller has such a small court. I don't know if it'll be the same as the nes classic, but those were horrible, but
Is crossed and we had GQ putting out a video. We're tattoo artists
We're critiquing the tattoos of Celebrity photos Gonna be a dumb video finish it up
I became an Oliver peck fan man
If you need to daily dose of what the fuck we have a new side night and happiness short as I watched out putting out
A video of parents giving their kids sex advice and if you want to see the full versions everything I just share the secret link
Of the day anything at all links is always are in the description down below then let's talk about the huge news
Around Google after fighting a legal battle in the eu for the past seven years google has been fined
2.7 billion dollars as far as the reason for this massive fine
It's because of how google handles shopping searches the e use competition commissioners saying what google has done is illegal under eu
Antitrust Rules if tonight other companies the chance to compete on the merits and to innovate and most
importantly it Denied European consumers a genuine choice of services and the full benefits of innovation
So what did google do is that after years long? Analysis they found that Google skewed search results to promote to their
services over competitor adding that on average Google only links to competitors by page four in the search results and in respond to this as
You might expect google says they do not agree with this judgment adding that they're considering an appeal and walker senior VP and senior counsel
At Google say when you shop online you want to find the products you're looking for quickly and easily and advertisers want to promote those
same products
That's why Google shows shopping ads connecting our users with thousands of advertisers
Large and small ways they're useful for both while some comparison shopping sites naturally want google to show them more prominently our data shows that
people usually Prefer link
So take them directly to the products they want not to web sites where they have to repeat their searches
Here's a tricky part of the Eu commission has given google 90 days to quote
Stop its illegal conduct give equal treatment to Rival price comparison services reportedly. It's up to Google to choose
How it plans to give equal treatment to competitors and inform that you of its plans within 60 days and if Google fails to comply?
They are at risk of having to pay up to five percent of their daily revenue
It'll be very interesting to see what happens from here the eu has slammed Google
But they've also not told them what to do to fix it
Just saying fix it let us know how you plan on fixing it and okay?
We'll hopefully hear from you in 60 days, and we'll just have to wait and see what happens
But we do know the Eu takes us very seriously well two point seven two billion dollar fine
Isn't the end of days for Google alphabet because it's estimated they have around 90 billion dollars
Hanging around still more than two and a half times the highest fine ever imposed for anti-competitive behavior in the eu
oh wait and see then an interesting advertiser names according to researchers from the university of Illinois after examining 78 peer-reviewed studies between
1969 and 2017 they say that sex does not sell specifically. I mean lead to the purchase of items
I'm sorry to tell you this Carl's Jr.. Even though
They actually recently changed up their whole campaign what the researchers found is that while participants who took in?
Advertising were more likely to remember something that was sexual he found the participants were less likely to remember the brand's being
Advertised and if they did remember the brand's they were more likely to have a negative
thought about that brand ultimately the reports lead author said these aren't literally zero effect on participants intention to buy products and ads with a
Sexual appeal to me this makes sense. It's kind of like those Carl's Jr.
Ads you know you remember the one with Kate upton?
And you remember the one with Charlotte McKinney those ads were seemingly way more beneficial for them than it was for the Carl's Jr.
Brand the people wanted to see those girls
We're very happy and most likely one to see those girls moan about you
But there's nothing that really translates from the thought of ooh
I really like to see stuff and Kate upton's mouths who I should probably buy a burger from a fast food place
it doesn't make sense now granted if you're trying to draw views then yes my entire YouTube career between
2006 to 2014 can attest to that. That's more akin to if Kate upton was at a Carl's Jr.
And you went there, and you're actually able to eat the product the burger not kate ups and then you get that handout
But in just something visual no and my ultimate Takeaway is sex still sells
But sex just sells sex actually on the note of sex appeal in a place that you would not normally expect it
Let's talk about the Czech Republic
that's because we have a story out of the czech republic about a
Nuclear power plant that was bringing on in turn and the management there decided that the best way to pick the best
Intern would be to make this
Democratic so after they narrowed it down to the top 10 finalists for the intern
position they opened it up to a public vote and said whichever intern gets the most likes on these Facebook posts that is going to
Be our win thing is all of the potential interns were female high school
Graduates that hosed in Bikinis and hard hats inside of the cooling tower in the nuclear power plant
Whoever won would get the internship and be crowned
Energy as you'd expect once this one public there were people shouting. This is sexist
this is
Disgusting why wouldn't you hire an intern based on their merits and not their looks in response to all of this they remove the pictures
Of the girls they remove the post and they issued an apology saying we didn't want to offend anyone purpose of the competition was to
promote technical education
But if the original vision raised doubts or concerns we are very sorry as far as who got to be miss
Energy at no wonder portal II didn't announce a winner, but they did offer
internships to all 10 finalists and firstly
I just want to know how did this become a real thing who proposed this and everyone was like yeah
I mean did anyone say the concept out loud before jumping dick first into it
We need interns
But I want to see what they look like almost naked
Also, people should vote on who looks the best in that if it's just for promotion sure people can dislike it
But it's just for promotion even though we've talked about sex not selling when you turn it into part of an internship
Application it's dirty. I mean the concept it sounds like a porn
I would watch but it has no place in the real world
and then let's talk about the other most requested stories of the day today the Cnn Donald trump cluster fry it is
Something and to start it up. Let's talk about Cnn
You are fake Donald a damn second please we have 3 Cnn journalists who resigned after Cnn had to pull a trump russia-related?
Story in the three of resign you hewlett surprised nominee Thomas Frank who wrote the story hewlett sir winner and assistant managing Editor Eric Lichtblau
who recently joined from the New York Times and Lex Harris the executive Editor in charge of the
Investigative unit the article was about anthony scaramouche
Anthony's a hedge fund manager and a member of Trump's
Transition team and linked him to an executive from the Russian direct investment fund supposedly being investigated by the senate story claim that scar moochie
Met with the executive whose ten billion dollar fund makes investments in Russian companies four days before Trump's
Inauguration the articles cited an anonymous source the source said that the senate intelligence committee is
Investigating the Russian fund in connection with its examination of discussions between white house Adviser Jared Kushner and the head of a prominent Russian bank
a bank
veb
Oversees the fund which has ties to several trump advisors the source saying two democratic senators asked Treasury to investigate whether Skaar Moochie promised to
Lift sanctions policy shift that would help the fund attract more
International Investment to Russia after Cnn published this story of scaramouche he went to Twitter writing. It's okay. I did nothing wrong
They're hitting friends of potus
we're loyal Advocates on his behalf and the rDI at the Russian Direct investment fund responded Cnn's report contains factual inaccuracies
Which we have pointed out to the journal is concerned and expect to be corrected
No Amendments
Have been made so far
and there are reports for another anonymous source that there might be a lawsuit around this story the next thing we knew Cnn remove the
article and all links to the article and they replaced it with this editor's note that reads on June 22nd 2017 cnn.com
published a story connecting Anthony Scara Moochie with
Investigations into the RD is the story did not meet Cnn's editorial standards and has been retracted links to the story have been disabled Cnn
Apologizes to Mr.. Scar Meucci Lex Harris also Released a statement saying on Friday Cnn
Retracted the story published by my team as executive editor of that team
I have resigned I've been with Cnn since 2001 and I'm sure about one thing
This is a news organization the prize is accuracy and fairness above all else
I am leaving
But will carry those principles wherever I go
while Cnn has not come out and said that the story is false stating only that the facts were quote not solid enough for
Publication and that the standard editorial processes were not followed when the article was published now in response to this scara Moochie tweeted
CnN did the right thing classy bulgy except everyone makes mistakes?
Moving on but the same could not be said for president Donald trump who took to Twitter to say wow Cnn
Had a retract big story on Russia with three employees forced to resign what about all the other phony stories
They do fake news see Donald
I told you you get your turn Donald trump later adding bacon new Cnn is looking at big management changes now
They got caught falsely pushing the phony russian stories ratings way down
so they caught fake news cn N cold but what about
NBC, cBs and Abc
What about the failing New York times in Washington Post's they are all fake news
But that was not the end of Cnn's troubles to the story and undercover video blew up today called
CnN producer says Russian narrative
bullshit and the description reads jon bon afield as a senior producer at CnN admits to several beliefs that are in direct conflict with the
official Cnn narrative that trump had colluded with russia and that russia has interfered with the 2016 election
So outside let's look at some of the videos so you really like the russia things a little
Crazy right even if Russia was trying to swing lecture night
We try to swing their lectures. We are in the rcIa doing shit all the time we're out there trying to manipulate
governments like the Mafia and constantly like
Russia the thrust of that
This is rating goes rating our ratings are incredible right now fingers just to give you some context
President trump
pulled out of the climate accord and for a day and a half to cover the climate quotes in the ceo of
CnN and in our internal meaning if it good job everybody covering the climate accords
But we're done with that. Let's get back to Russia. I mean I understand all ratings right? It's a big long
Business people are like the media as like an ethical
but
All the night's cutie little epics. They get talked about in journalism school years. I like that's adorable
galore all of this
Especially cable, you know
Cable news in New York time they got to do what they got to do to make their money. They I love that
I love the news business
I find it. So very cynical about it
At the same time store most of my comb and not alone honestly you think the whole Russia shit. It's just like bullshit
Could be bullshit. I mean we go sir right now like we don't have any
vagina
proof
But then they say well, there's still an investigation going on anyway
Yeah, I don't know you're finding something here. What we know about it, okay?
So coming out of that for those of you that are new here. I have been a big critic of Siena granted
I've also been a critic of many other news outlets
But just just so you know that before moving forward there are a few things that need to be pointed out so that you feel
Like you're getting all of the information you need the viruses that project veritas and James o'keefe seem to be making this producer seem more
Important than he is because he's not a political producer
He is the producer of Cnn health if I want the us stats on ingrown Toenail D
I'm going to go to John
But I don't know why I would go to him for politics now as far as the russia stuff being bullshit or Mostly bullshit way
That it's cotton edited, and this is this is a potential issue with James o'keefe. If you've seen his past
You don't know if he's saying the entire russia situation the trump russia situation or just the russian hacking situation
I'm interested in the facts and I think the trump russia situation that that might be
Bullshit all the information we've seen more and more of the testimony from our intelligence agencies points to Russia
Did hack us russian hacking should be discussed whether you're liberal or conservative?
Even states in the beginning even if russia was trying to swing an election
We'd try to swing their elections doesn't sound like it's fully trying to dispute it
It's almost sounds like trying to justify and to the note of trump is good for business well
Yeah
No, shit when you look at CnN
And Fox news you know those are biased news
Organization left and right when you have a president when you have a news network that leans in
Opposition to that president they go in singing with Cnn and Donald trump, and we saw with Fox news and Barack Obama
I'm not saying they're apples to apples, but you have Cnn
24/7 it feels like talking about trump and rush. Do you remember when we had a president Barack Obama and fox it's seemingly?
Embraced birtherism U-men because I member by the way there's one story that his family doesn't even know what hospital
He was born in yeah, I've heard that as well
But we'll produce it and so easy here it is on TV on Billboard's whatever. Why not just bring it up
Let's give it all goes back to last year when all the questions were raised was Obama born in Kenya
Even if he was born in Hawaii
Did he give up his citizenship when he moved to indonesia and so for me the ultimate takeaway from this is really this this kind
Of just exposes what I already feel like I personally make a lot of news outlets
Handle themselves like a business that is playing for a side. You know fox news was created because there need to be a
Conservative news out, and there are a lot of news organizations that do that
I would almost argue most a big kind of song is a very interesting guy, and he made a point
And it was like it feels like these aren't even news organizations anymore. They're just activists and more and more of them
Don't even hide it
I feel like that covers the full spectrum
Please know that if you're going to fox news is there a bright bar you go into the Cnn or the huffington post?
You are you're going to a site that says weird
We're doing the real thing if you really look if you challenge yourself
It looks like they're playing for a team
but of course beautiful about this show is we talk about the news we include all the sources down below I give my opinion but
Also doesn't have to be your opinion. I want you to let me know in those comments
What is your takeaway from the situation you specifically think that at Cnn. It's bad. That's it's Cnn
That's garbage, or this is just representative of a bigger problem
If you have a different take away from the interaction in that video. I'd love to know your thoughts
That's actually where I'm going to end today's show and remember if you liked this video
You like what I do on this channel hit that like
But if you're new here hit that subscribe button also if you missed yesterday's Philip Defranco show you want to catch up click or tap?
Right there to watch that well if you want to see the newest behind the scenes blog click a tap right there to watch that
But that's it of course as always my name's Philip Defranco. You've just been phill'd in. I love yo faces, and I'll see you tomorrow